hi jack
right good super come on in pretty sure
you don't peek hello referee come on in
good good
hey come on in sorry about that hey
hello
repeat hello let's come on in let's get
to the business at hand
just wanted fell in here buddy Israel
Rick Springfield I guess is Posse you
know they're all strapped or packing
heat whatever phrase is nice cause drop
down okay man that's not yours but can
rabbit down buddy Israel no formal
witness against the mob has been as
crucial as buddy aces is really is a
strung-out washed-up has-been jerk
snitch seven-layer loser are you trying
to say
what's the Wraiths 1 million bucks
million dollar hit fee would draw some
huge flies he's not only essential to
our case he is our case you're gonna
pour boxes of bullets in Israel they
must not succeed
when do we get concern if an attempt is
made on his life they'll be made by
those of the strictest professional
caliber what are you gonna build I'm
gonna get to Israel before they do we
got to keep them in that penthouse
this guy's will go have a good time
[Music]
you're steering hard plan I'm going down
I'll bet you are